I follow this philosophy. GNU is better than Apache, BSD, MIT etc. licenses, since it forces the information to stay open source. Non profit is always better than for profit, since non-profits are organizations that focus on creating a positive impact on society, but this may not always be the case from the software development's speed, quality and intention POV. Anything related to software in logical cases should be on a spectrum and power efficiency should be by default, but performance when required.(But the spectrum doesn't allow for illogical things like uselessly performing stuff at unreasonable cases). UI/UX animations are a waste of resources unless for accessibility and debugging. Being systemd/GNOME(or SoCs as in hardware) like and being 'complete and well integrated' is better than what openrc and Hyprland with waybar are, even though they are arguably better. Using modern protocols is better but they are not to be confused with 5GHz and 2.4Ghz which are just different bands on a spectrum  for frequency and not protocols(like IPv6>IPv4). Compatibility for the old protocols should be ditched out by default, but compatibility should be optional and retrievable via downloads. Why should we keep maintaining compatibility? Of course not in the first place, we should switch to modern solutions or force the legacy projects to be developed to be modern accordingly. According to me, developers should introduce 2 layers for releases only - "One should be Stable Station the next one is Feature Station. In Feature station, features are added and but there is no guarantee of developers putting out bug fixes here. In Stable station, Features are released only after bug testing and assestation of bugs not being present or be minimal." Binaries, shouldn't be compiled centrally, but the workload should be distributed onto DPCs(explained later) as well as the central machine and then released as a whole to the community, not compiled by each user individually for their use. And it should be obvious by now but just in case, you should heavily prioritize open source. Freedom is not always the answer, since Atomic releases are the future. They perform upgrades in an excellent manner, with fallback mechanisms. So, what is the purpose of an ISO? It is to install an OS that is meant to be USED by the user, not continually tweaked in the system files, this means that your OS is not up to the mark, or not optimized. Is tweaking system files your job, is it productivity? User control is judicially correct because it is indeed their computer, but having a dynamically working system is a smarter choice. Sure you have to install applications, but that's not what tweaking is. When Windows updates, it updates the system, only during reboots, but rpm-ostreed.service manages this well. Not only is your current session undisturbed(apart from a small resource footprint in the background), but your system is too, updated silently. Again on modern protocols, they have active development usually meaning that they have a better approach to development. Another problem, people keep forking stuff instead of contributing to the original project! Not only will contributing to upstream projects give you support from a wider user base, components will be well integrated too. If the main founder of Wayland was granted to have his considerations thought about, maybe in another universe, Xorg would have been popular. The exception being the original upstream project has maintainers with different motos/mindsets/goals. There are 2 types of users. "It just works" or "It just works, but better", and it is obviously more logical to be a part of the latter, unless you deliberately want a setup and go approach like Debian. A funny fact is that tons of solutions such as AngularJS and Spelt Runes have been developed, but still most websites use jQuery. Also, cloud computing should be the future. This is because if we move onto the cloud there would be several advantages. A central united computer would be present, where there is a base OS that is always automatically updated like Silverblue, there would be data stored for each user with the modifications working with/overlaying the base. Each consumer would be handed a designated device which is only meant to view/interact with the cloud session. When the consumer uses the cloud pc via their designated device, the base os on the server will not be affected whatsoever but what the user will use is the base os overlaying their data stored on the server. There could be times when the base os on the server would update, causing weekly outages but is probably worth it considering the supercomputer's integration and ease of use to operate from the end of the server operators and the consumers. If the consumer wants to pay less monthly, they would have to buy a DPC(theres no definite full form for this acronym), which would be plugged into the consumer's house or wherever they want. The DPC would help compute for the server operators/company in a distributed way, in exchange for less money required for using the cloud computer. The consumer cannot use the DPC as a regular PC and is only meant for remote task assignment/use from the end of the enterprise/hosting company. This could also be a dream come true for repository maintainers as the server's base os would indirectly help/add to all user sessions. Users as well as the operators would have to spend less time resolving issues and just publish changes universally. This can heavily uplift community involvement and increase productivity. Ofc this already exists, but not in this way. During software development, before proceeding to add new features, fix your bugs first prior to adding new features. The base system would include binaries of applications intended for productive usage. The computer should be used for productivity, not useless ricing and tweaking. Its inner workings should be tweaked by itself within.